# sales-Dataset
We have selected Sales Data from sales datasets. This dataset includes about 40,000 records and 15 attributes. Each record corresponds to a customer information like (gender, education, house Value, age, region, fam income, region, marriage, children, occupation, car probability, house own, flag (whether the customer purchased the target productor not) and online (whether the consumer had online shopping experience or not). This dataset provide helps to organizations to better understand their customer’s needs and makes it easier for organizations to modify products according to the specific needs, behaviors, and interests of customers. When organizations satisfy customers specific needs according to their demands it helps companies to increase there productive of different products in the entire market and helps to gain more and more profit. Because companies’ whole profit and loss is depending upon customers demand if company fulfill the demand of customers, it definitely gains profit if it do not fulfill need of their customers than it will gain loss. This dataset is uncleaned there are some missing values in the dataset. It contains character and numerical data type. We will use some method to clean our dataset to make it stronger and more valuable to perform different types of models to collect different results. We will also use predictive and descriptive analysis to discuss about how many customers received their products according to their demands and we will also find in which direction company sales trend moved upward or downward.
2 FILE - coding part
